---
layout: post
title: My Vision--Love Wins
---

We are entering an era where women (and the men that respect women) -owned
businesses all about service, love, respect, and joy in their relationships with their
clients will begin to take market share away from businesses with a negative focus.
This power will cause a shift to a more productive, harmonious, prosperous, and
financially balanced society. Immigrants will begin to shine because they are so
happy to be here. It’ s all about love, baby! And, doesn’t that feel good.

### We elevate people!

We are creating a support network for small business and individual proprietors to
provide tips, strategies, training and coaching through a subscription service
available through a website. This site should be collaborative, with successful small
business owners advising new business owners or someone with an idea about
starting a business. Develop your brand in your communities by networking,
volunteering and sponsoring and build your online brand by advertising and
sharing any other talents you might have. Provide excellent customer service, it can
be life changing for your clients.

We expect to launch this website this fall. I can’t wait for the changes—respect for
women and a move to medicine through nutrition (Prevention) and natural
procedures, like Chiropractic. Government can be for all the people, not just some
of the people! Innovation for environmental solutions will soar. There are probably
many more benefits yet to be identified. We have the power to heal this nation from
within. Let’s roll up our sleeves and get at it!

### Progress to Date

I am extremely optimistic about Love Winning. Public opinion is a powerful force,
voting with their dollars and protesting.

National grocery stores have dropped prices on healthy foods in response to the
poisoning of children with lead in their water. Stores like Whole Foods, Trader Joes
and Safeway are making children and everybody else healthier!

The book, 60 Seconds to Boost Your Brain Power, is coming out soon. We all saw
recently that when Melania Trump issued her statement, how groups mobilized and
responded. Her statement was confusing to a lot of people but enough got the
message and turned out in protest. San Jose didn’t need to participate, being a
sanctuary city already. The same response is likely, because if you think about the
number of people who have lost family members to Alzheimer’s, Cancer, Dementia,
ALS, Parkinson’s, Depression, Huntington’s Disease or Benzodiazepine Drugs
(Valium, Xanax, or Librium taken for over 3 months). Plus all the people who are
grateful for the information to prevent such diseases in the first place. This process
will probably take about 5 (realistically we don’t know, but it will be interesting to
see) minutes; because of the way information is distributed now.

